[NARRATOR]
Blood.
The color of the sky,
when first she saw it.
The first smell she
experienced in this world.
[SOLDIERS yelling]
[SOLDIER A groans]
[NARRATOR] Her first memories
of taking lives,
and of lives being taken.
[NARRATOR] A nightmare from
which no one can escape.
[screams]
[panting]
Why won't these memories let me
rest? Where is my salvation?
[GUARD] You haven't even
touched your food.
The others are stuffing their
faces like a bunch of pigs.
Oh well, to each his own.
I'm all alone. Why only me?
My name is Aria. Cecily, right?
Uh, y-yeah.
Nice to meet you, too.
I cannot thank you enough
for taking on this
most important mission,
Miss Cambell.
[CECILY]
Sure. But, uh...
Where is this cargo I'm
supposed to be protecting, sir?
Captain Hannibal? I thought
you were going to tell her.
Yeah, but I thought it'd
be funnier if I didn't.
Oh. You're a naughty boy, sir.
[HANNIBAL laughs]
Um, Cecily. I'm what
you'll be protecting.
Uh. But I thought you
said I was protecting
some kind of Demon Sword?
That's right, you are.
I am the Demon Sword.
Wha--?
[LUKE] I don't get it.
What does your new mission
have to do with you
showing up here uninvited?
Aww. Don't be such a sour puss.
I'm not here to bug you
for a katana today.
Good, cause you wouldn't know
what to do with
one if you had it.
[laughs] Oh, he can
be such a joker.
Obviously your friend
here is too stupid
to know when she's
being insulted.
[laughs] You're dead.
[sighs] Don't you get
tired of fighting?
So, I don't mean to pry,
but are these two a couple?
[gasps, yells]
[CECILY] You better hurry
and set the record straight
with her or I'm going
straight for your jugular!
Like anyone'd think
we're together
with you tryin' ta kill me.
I think it's pretty clear!
[ARIA laughs]
Oh, that's awesome!
[LUKE] Maybe when you
let go of me, psycho!
[CECILY] I'm warning you,
do it now or you're dead!
[LUKE] Was that a threat?
I'm not afraid of you...
Wow! It's tasty, and so
much spirit energy!
[LISA]
You really like it?
I tried to get the
right mix of spices
and I mixed in some berries
I picked from the forest.
Really? If that's the case,
then that forest must be
full of spirit energy.
I guess this is a great
place for us to be, huh?
[LISA gasps]
[ARIA laughs]
[LUKE, CECILY grunting]
So, wanna tell us how she
becomes a Demon Sword?
Maybe it's better
if we show you.
Are you sure you're
okay with this, Aria?
Yeah, sure.
[inhales]
I call on the powers that be.
Reveal the truth within.
Awaken the power of wind.
Awaken, and slay God.
[BOTH gasp]
[LISA]
Wow! She turned into a sword!
[LUKE]
No, Lisa.
The Demon Sword was taking
the form of a human.
There aren't very many like
it.
Yeah well, that's not
all she can do.
She controls wind, and attacks
with it. Watch this.
Like an extension of my blade.
[gasps] It's special, huh?
That Demon Sword looks like
it was forged differently
than the ones that
I've seen before.
Yeah. It's unusual,
to say the least.
Normally swords are
forged from tamahagane.
But this one isn't.
I'm not really sure what
a Demon Sword is made of.
Isn't that cool? She's
pretty amazing, right?
[LUKE] It can take on human form
and manipulate the wind.
It's a Demon Sword all right.
[CECILY] Thanks, Aria.
You can change back now.
And I'm back!
So you are.
I don't get it.
Nations would kill to get
ahold of a sword like "her."
So why did they choose
you to protect her?
Well, because my boss
knows that I can not only
keep Aria safe,
but also offer her
a bit of fellow female
companionship.
And nobody'll know she's the
sword in her human form.
They would if I told everybody.
I'm not worried about that,
you don't have the guts.
[grunting]
So, what, did you come
all the way out here
just to pick on me?
No. I came by because I wanted
to ask a favor of Lisa.
Huh?!
[HANNIBAL] It's only a matter
of time before the enemy
comes back for the Demon Sword.
My concern is these bastards
might try to sign
a Demon Contract within
the gates of the city.
[KNIGHT GUARDS murmur]
If that were to happen,
we would likely lose
many men, and surely
some civilians.
We're prepared to die to
protect the people, sir!
[KNIGHT GUARDS]
Right!
There's one thing I want
you men to remember.
It is good to fear death!
Even the bravest knight fears
for his own demise.
Let that give you strength
and let that strength
guide you to victory!
[laughs] How else do ya think
this old soldier survived
the Valbanill War 44 years ago?
[KNIGHT GUARDS chuckle, chatter]
[HANNIBAL] Okay, men.
Here're your assignments.
Sir. May I ask you
a question first?
[HANNIBAL]
What is it?
I'm curious why you
chose Cecily Cambell
to be protector of the
precious Demon Sword.
Well, for one thing, she's
the head of the Cambell house.
And I happen to think she's
the right person for the job.
[sighs]
So feel free to order as much
food as you want, okay?
Don't worry, the tab's on me.
[ARIA]
Mm! This is delicious!
The sauce on this
meat is amazing!
Three more orders of
roasted meat, please!
Oh, yeah, and more
potato dumplings
and berries with honey!
Lisa?
Huh? Well, uh...
Let's go ahead and make that
six more orders of meat, please!
Thanks a lot, but I don't
wanna take advantage.
Oh, no. My boss said the
mayor will reimburse me
for anything that
I spend on food.
[ARIA]
That's very generous of him.
It's probably because
I told Mayor Housman
I like to go out to eat.
[CECILY]
Well, I don't eat out much,
so I wasn't sure where
to take you guys.
Someone suggested this
place. Do you like?
Are you kidding, this
place is wonderful!
Delicious food, huge portions.
Best meal I've had in a while!
[LISA]
I completely agree!
Every time we pass
this place I ask Luke
if we can eat here,
but he says no.
Yum! I just can't get enough!
You might wanna slow down,
Lisa, or you're going to choke.
I can handle it.
Okay. Jeez, doesn't
that cheapskate Luke
ever take you out
for a nice meal?
I was wondering.
Are you two gonna
be at the festival
that's happening next weekend?
Yeah. Luke said we had
to go. What about you?
Uh-huh. So you must be
real excited, huh?
[LISA] Not so much.
We're not going for fun,
we're going to check out
the sword vendors.
'Cause, see, Luke's been on the
lookout for a particular sword.
[CECILY]
Oh, really. What kind?
[sighs] Well, the kind
that can slay God.
[CECILY, ARIA gasp]
Uh. No wait! That wasn't
what I was trying to? say!
I meant to say he's looking
for one that can slay cod!
Luke would never
wanna do any harm
to God or anything like that.
He just likes to eat fish.
Uh. Sir, more potato
dumplings, and could I get
an order of chicken
and eggs, please?
Ooh, careful Lisa. Heh!
[LUKE]
The Demon Sword of Wind. Aria.
Awaken. And slay God!
[LUKE] Huh. I wonder if
she's a-- Ah, who cares.
Fate affects everyone
in this world, I guess.
Including sword-people.
Lisa. Can you make me
some tea, I-- Damn it.
I have to say, I'm real
impressed with your city.
Everything seems to be
running like clockwork.
It's clean and peaceful
and it doesn't smell like death.
Well, of course it doesn't.
Seriously, Aria, what
a weird thing to say.
You'd be surprised
at how many do.
[gasps]
It isn't unheard of for a
city's streets to be lined with
more corpses than living people.
I've had many wielders.
And each one of them
has showed me a
different way of life.
[BOYS laughing]
[gasping]
[gasps] Here.
You okay, little one?
Thank you, pretty lady!
Yeah, thank you!
Aria. Mind if I ask
how old you are?
I'd say somewhere
between 40 and 50.
Whoa.
I'm not exactly sure.
I remember waking up
on the battlefield
during the Valbanill War.
I still have no idea
how I got there.
When I awoke, I was
in my sword form.
I have no memories of
anything before that day.
So I guess you could say
that's when I was "born."
[yelling]
[BOTH yelling]
[SOLDIER A groans]
[SOLDIER B groans]
[ARIA]
I am the Demon Sword of Wind.
Once men realized my power,
they started to kill one
another just to possess me.
[SOLDIER D chuckles]
[ARIA]
They acted like wild beasts.
Many men were murdered because
of me, and I killed them all.
Man, that's horrible.
You've had such a hard life.
[CECILY] Forced to kill from
the moment she was born.
The cause of constant
bloodshed in the hands
of greedy men.
I can't even imagine.
Sometimes I wonder.
Why am I here?
What do you mean?
I don't even know who I am.
I mean, I know I'm a Demon
Sword--a tool used to fight.
But still, who am I?
What is my purpose?
Aria.
Hey. I'm sorry, I'm not trying
to be such a downer.
The point I was trying to make
is your city's amazing!
And I've seen my
fair share of 'em,
so that's sayin' somethin'.
If I could, I would stay
here with you forever.
Well, then, stay!
Tell ya what, if you do, I'll be
your own personal bodyguard!
Yeah, please stay! We'd
love it if you lived here!
Thanks. Maybe I will.
[CECILY]
Hey, Patty!
Uh?
So, has my new
sword come in yet?
[PATTY]
Yeah, let me get it.
It's a little smaller than the
traditional Knight Guard swords.
That way it should be easier
for you to work with.
[ARIA] Mm. That blade's got
an interesting shape.
[LISA]
That's a false-edged sword!
Oh wow, you know your stuff.
That false edge makes
it good for cutting
and since it's smaller, I should
have no problem thrusting--
[REGINALD]
That's a nice sword.
But it's clearly
wasted on a knight
who couldn't even kill a fly.
Go to Hell, Reginald.
Patty. Has my new sword come in?
[PATTY]
Uh, yeah!
Seriously, why are you
such a jerk to me?
Rudeness was not my intent.
I was merely pointing out
an established fact.
But watching you swing
that little starter sword
in battle should
be quite amusing.
Wow, this guy's
a real jerk, huh?
Yeah. How can you work
with a meanie like him?
[PATTY grunting]
Wow. That's heavy.
Here's the Zweihander
you ordered.
[REGINALD]
Thank you.
The sword is a weapon
for dealing death.
Its only purpose is
to kill the enemy.
To lead your forces to victory.
No. That's not their only use!
A true knight uses their sword
to protect civilians and to--
[gasps]
It is a weapon, and
nothing more than that!
[gasps]
That's the dumbest thing I've
ever heard! Shame on you!
I used to know someone
who thought
the same way that you do.
Bet you also think "the sword
makes the man," right?
And?
You and my previous owner
have a lot in common.
He must be very successful.
He's dead.
He died alone with a
heart full of despair.
[REGINALD chuckles]
[bells ringing]
The bells?
[ALL gasp]
[CITIZENS screaming]
I want Second Platoon
attacking from the east,
and Fourth Platoon will
attack from the west.
If anyone comes across
the man in black,
please take him into custody!
[KNIGHT GUARDS]
Sir!
Wait, Captain, what about me?
I want to go and
fight alongside you!
No Cecily.
I want you to stay here!
Yeah, but...
I can't just sit here
while my comrades are
out there fighting!
You will do as I say!
Stay here and protect Aria!
[CECILY grunts]
[CITIZENS screaming]
[yelps]
[screaming]
Get out of here! Hurry!
[GIRL A]
Uh, yes, sir!
Damn it, not that again.
Captain. What the hell
is that thing, sir?
It's an old weapon
from the Valbanill War.
A deadly parasite.
If consumed it corrodes
the brain and takes over
the victim's body.
Basically, these men
are the walking dead.
We have no choice here.
Put all the infected
out of their misery!
[KNIGHT GUARDS]
Sir!
It's doubtful the
prisoners swallowed
those parasites on accident.
Somebody must have slipped
them into their food.
The man in black, perhaps?
I wonder...
[bell ringing]
[ARIA]
How's it going?
Uh. Don't worry, ladies.
With me standing guard
at the door, you two
are completely safe!
You should be fighting.
Cecily, it's your duty to
protect Housman and its people.
This city is the wonderful
place it is because of its
noble knights who risk their
lives for the people.
It's one of the reasons
I want to stay here.
[ZOMBIE C groaning]
[panting]
[STOMACH DEMON roars]
[grunting]
[HANNIBAL]
Don't let your guard down!
[KNIGHT GUARD H]
I'm sorry, sir.
[CECILY]
That man!
[gasps]
[CECILY]
The-- The man in black!
Wait!
[CITIZENS screaming]
Good, just keep running!
[CECILY]
What the--?
This man's been
infected with parasites.
He's not in control of his body.
No way. But then that would
make him a victim, right?
I never thought of it that way.
Is there any way to save him?
I'm sorry. You're going to have
to kill him and put him
out of his misery. Please.
[CECILY gasping]
[grunts]
You can't chicken out now,
Cecily. You can do this!
[CECILY yells]
[gasps]
[CECILY gasping]
What are you waiting for?
Do it, Cecily!
You don't have a choice!
[gasping]
Uh! Be careful!
Luke.
You have to kill him. Now!
I can't--he's still
a human being!
[LUKE exhales]
He's a person. I can't
kill him. I can't do it!
You're kidding me.
You're a knight and you've never
killed anybody before?
[LUKE]
Damn it.
[REGINALD] What the hell
are you doing, Cecily?
Kill that man immediately!
[REGINALD yells]
[CECILY grunts]
[CECILY whimpers]
What is wrong with you, coward?
You don't deserve
to be a Knight Guard!
Miss Cecily.
Reginald's right.
I am a coward.
I'll never be a valiant knight
like my father and grandfather.
That's not true.
[ARIA] You're just a different
kind of knight than they were.
You're the nicest
person I've ever met.
I never imagined I
would meet a knight
so concerned about others
that she's afraid to kill.
And I think that's
a lovely quality.
Aria?
[MAN A]
Where? Where is my salvation?
[MAN IN BLACK] Forty-four years
ago you signed a Demon Contract,
sacrificing yourself
to survive the war.
You've proven your loyalty.
So you will have your salvation.
You mean it?
[MAN IN BLACK] In fact, I've
been looking for a man like you.
I need a brave knight
to help carry out my plans.
You're perfect for the job--
a veteran of the war
with nothing to lose.
I will give you your
salvation, friend.
And all I ask for in
exchange is your soul.